# Team meeting - 23 May 2023

Attendees:
 - Elizabeth K. Joseph
 - Arsh Pratap
 - Aashish Khatri
 - Freedisch Thibaut
 - Mahesh Kasbe
 - Shivam Anand
 - Yejun Lao
 - Maxwell Dorliea
 - Pratham Shrivastava
 - Prince Singh

 ## Agenda

 - Welcome new contributors!
 - Tour of SDT
 - 2023 Summer Mentorship Program
   - Application window closed on the 22nd, applications now under review by mentors Elizabeth & Arsh
   - Mentorship will begin on June 1, 2023
 - Incubation renewal
   - The Open Mainframe Project Technical Advisory Council (TAC) reviews projects annually to assess status. Our turn is coming up on May 25th: https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html#review-schedule
   - Document about our 2022-2023 work coming together here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Li3FPxX7xECuUp1JTTrDrFw1Rcg1JNXkwKjzbcj_gGQ/edit?usp=sharing
 - Linting and coding standards
   - In spite of being a best practice for many projects and organizations, we’ve never enforced a linting standard. It’s been suggested that we change this, see issue at: https://github.com/openmainframeproject/software-discovery-tool/issues/117 
   - Is this worthwhile for us, or will they just cause busywork of updating code and having to fix failed tests?
   - Arsh suggests adding it later in the summer, after some of the major feature work has been completed.
   - Shivam mentioned that tooling like VSCode has plugins for linting so it can automatically implement the standards.
   - Mahesh mentioned that we can add a GitHub Actions workflow to check for lint problems.
   - Maybe a non-required for merging lint check to start out with?
 - SQL back-end
   - Work can start from Arsh’s work last summer (draft WIP), but simplification should be discussed.
 - Prince suggested adding the latest LTS release (22.04) support to installation
 - Shivam mentioned automating data source addition to the database, Arsh mentioned that this can be somewhat fragile because back end URLs tend to change from time to time.
 - Shivam also suggested a GHA check for some basic unit testing on the Python code.
 - Aashish has started looking into some UI improvements, including links and additional filter searches that some of the Linux distributions do
   - Maybe a home page AND a search page?
   - Floated the idea of switching from Angular to React (React is more popular), but it may be something more long-term
   - Aashish was assigned to UI improvements, Mahesh is also interested in this – perhaps as a reviewer to help out?
 - Elizabeth mentioned creating personas, who is using this? Why do they use it? It may help drive UI decisions and priorities.
   - Client teams
   - Open Source Developers porting to s390x
 - Improvements to installation documentation - sometimes you need sudo, permissions are kind of a mess. Elizabeth said she’s happy to work with someone on the details for this.
 - Pratham brought up the topic of documentation:
   - I was thinking about writing docstrings for our functions, for which I had opened up an issue, that would make it easier for the people contributing to understand the purpose of the functions and scripts used in the functions, they won't have to go through the entire source code. These docstrings can be integrated into a online documentation page.
 - Production instance
   - Deployment doesn’t have all the most updated projects
   - Mahesh said he would be interested in helping to automate updates to the data directory sources.





















